**Project Name**: review'20 / Wrapped Deluxe

**Description**: an application for music connoisseurs who are interested in statistics about the most popular tracks and artists for 2020 in the music industry. Based on the data of the Spotify service, you can find out the **top most listened tracks** in more than 20 countries, visit the pages of **the best singers** in the world, as well as study in detail who won **the most significant music awards**. This application is designed specifically for amateurs of the modern music industry, who are constantly tracking global trends, as well as for fans of all kinds of statistics. Thanks to the wide possibilities of the streaming platform **Spotify**, which is not the first year considered the best in its niche, you can track the preferences of people around the world. For a detailed acquaintance, a user can listen to tracks with a convinient built-in music player, and, moreover, save the ones he likes and form a playlist in Spotify account.

**Installation**: The application runs **on the Android operating system**.
To install, you must either download the existing project in the repository (*clone or download*), where you need to run it in the working environment, or use an .apk file that can be installed directly on your device (pre-allow installation from external sources in the settings). Also, for the application to work properly, you need to **have a Spotify account and a Spotify application on your phone**.

**Use**: After opening the application on first launch, you will be offered the opportunity to allow the use of data from the Spotife service account. After allowing permission to process information, the application will open the main screen. There is a menu at the bottom for easy navigation through the sections of the multi-window program. It should be noted that the movement is carried out only by clicking: there are no components with data entry, which makes the use of the application as clear and comfortable.

Made by Aliaksei Matsveyenak.
